when i was a little girl
my mother spoke of a prophecy of a time
when all the world would be covered in
darkness and the fate of mankind would
be decided
she said god had changed he was mad at
his children
charlie isn't yeah how far along are you
ah just about there but a baby it's
gonna burn
oh what i'd like you to apologize
the last time god lost faith in man he
sent a flood
this time we sent angels
now what didn't look like any policeman
i ever saw
even one from l.a are you here to
protect us
not you why me because your child is the
only hope humanity has is surviving
oh yeah
all right rambo you mind telling us what
we're fighting
the angels
bobby doesn't believe in you either
are you saying this is the apocalypse
i'm saying this is an extermination
are you safe now
[Music]
you